Update issue templates (#5)
oracle-terraform-modules/terraform-oci-drg: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/---feature-request.md

---
name: "\U0001F680 Feature Request"
about: "I have a suggestion (and might want to implement myself \U0001F642)!"
title: ''
labels: enhancement
assignees: ''

---

<!--- Please keep this note for the community --->

### Community Note

* Please vote on this issue by adding a 👍 [reaction](https://blog.github.com/2016-03-10-add-reactions-to-pull-requests-issues-and-comments/) to the original issue to help the community and maintainers prioritize this request
* Please do not leave "+1" or "me too" comments, they generate extra noise for issue followers and do not help prioritize the request
* If you are interested in working on this issue or have submitted a pull request, please leave a comment

<!--- Thank you for keeping this note for the community --->

### Description

<!--- Please leave a helpful description of the feature request here. --->

### New or Affected Resource(s)

<!--- Please list any new or affected resources and data sources that are part of the request. For example: "oci_core_vcn" --->

> ### Potential Terraform Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example Terraform configuration
```

<!--- Information about code formatting: https://help.github.com/articles/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax/#quoting-code --->

```hcl

> # Copy-paste any Terraform configurations for how the requested feature may be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Provide example Terraform configurations for how the requested feature may be used.
```
